Student ID: 2021112845
1. Which degree are you studying towards?
Bachelor egree
2. Which year of your degree are you currently in?
Sophomore
3. What is your gender?
Male
4. Have you worked on any software projects outside of university, e.g., for a company?
No at the moment
5. Before taking this course, have you made any contributions to an Open Source project?
No，just have the experience of using github to download and clone repositories.
6. Did you already have an account on github.com before starting this course?
Yes,I did.
7. What challenges do you expect to encounter when trying to make a source code contribution to an Open Source project?
First of all, communication maybe the barriers. Then, it may take some time to understand the structure, functionality, and code style of an open source project. Last, we need to meet the project's criteria, including code style, documentation comments, unit tests and so on, which may be a challenge to our coding ability.
8. Which of the following is part of the Open Source Definition by the Open Source Initiative?

  No Discrimination Against Persons or Groups 
  Copyright Agreement 
  Pull Request Model 
  Documentation of Contributing Guidelines 

Answer: No Discrimination Against Persons or Groups

9. Which of the following statements is true about repositories in decentralised version control systems?

  Each developer has her own repository 
  There is a single, master repository 
  All repositories are hosted on GitHub 
  Clone and checkout are identical operations 

Answer: Each developer has her own repository

10. Which of the following definitions is not correct?

  Continuous Pull Requests: A practice where contributors to open source projects keep updating their pull requests until the maintainer is satisfied. 
  Continuous Deployment: A practice where incremental software changes are automatically tested, vetted, and deployed to production environments. 
  Continuous Delivery: A practice that ensures that a software change can be delivered and ready for use by a customer by testing in production-like environments. 
  Continuous Integration: A practice where developers automatically build, test, and analyze a software change in response to every software change committed to the source repository.

Answer: Continuous Pull Requests: A practice where contributors to open source projects keep updating their pull requests until the maintainer is satisfied. 

11. I feel comfortable asking for help from the Open Source community using electronic communication means.
Agree
12. I can write my questions and understand answers in English.
Agree
13. I am good in understanding code written by other people.
Neutral
14. I have pretty good skills to write and change code.
Neutral
15. I feel comfortable with the process of contributing to an Open Source project.
Strongly agree
16. I think that contributing to an Open Source software project is an interesting activity.
Strongly agree
17. I feel I can set up and run an application if a set of instructions is properly given.
Agree
18. I am pretty good at searching for solutions and understanding technical issues by myself.
Agree
19. I can choose an adequate task to fix if a list of tasks is given.
Neutral
20. I can find the piece of code that needs to be fixed given a bug report presenting the issue.
Neutral