A5-2021112845

1. Which of the following statements is not true about open source governance?

Answer: Roles need to be defined in a ROLES.md file on GitHub

2. Which of the following activities will likely not help newcomers contribute to a project?

Answer: Simplify the contribution process by removing the code of conduct

3. If project X is a software project licenced under a copyleft licence, which of the following statements is true?

Answer: Any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from X or any part thereof, has to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the term of the same licence.

4. Did you use a website such as https://goodfirstissues.com/ to select an issue to contribute to?

Answer: Yes, our team use the website named https://goodfirstissues.com/ to select an issue to contribute to.

5. How many issues did you look at before deciding on which one to contribute to?

Answer:  5 to 10

6. What was your main method of searching for issues on the website? (Choose all that apply)

Answer:  Browsing through the list, Filtering by Programming Language, Filtering by Issue Label

7. What factors were most important to you when selecting an issue? (Choose all that apply)

Answer:  Programming language used in the project, The extent of the issue's description and instructions, Difficulty of the issue

8. How would you rate the clarity of the issue description that you chose to work on?

Answer:  Somewhat clear

9. How much time did you spend understanding the issue before you began to work on it?

Answer:  1 to 3 hours

10. What additional features would you like to see on websites such as goodfirstissues.com? (Choose all that apply)

Answer: 1.A rating system for the complexity of the issues
        2.Filters for issues based on project size (small, medium, large)
 	3.A system for bookmarking or saving issues for later review
 	4.More detailed descriptions of the issues
 	5.Estimated time required to solve the issue
 	6.Links to relevant learning resources or documentation
 	7.A section with tips or guidelines on how to approach solving the issue
 	8.A communication platform or forum for discussing the issues
 	9.Ability to sort issues by recentness, popularity, or difficulty level
	10.A mentorship or pairing system for newcomers
 	11.Filters for issues based on specific areas of interest (e.g., Machine Learning, Web Development)
 	12.Issue ranking based on popularity or usefulness for beginners
 	13.Option to rate or review project maintainers or their responses

11. Please select below challenges you have faced when installing software development tools in the past (Choose all that apply)

Answer: 1.Unclear instructions: installation instructions provided are not clear
 	2.Dysfunctional Instructions: instructions do not work
	3.Poorly-structured information: source is not user-friendly
 	4.Account required: tool requires the user to create an account on their platform

12. Please select below the strategies you usually apply when you face challenges installing software development tools (Choose all that apply)

Answer: 1.Searching for different documentation: participant tries to search what they want on different source    
 	2.Reading help or feedback in terminal: participant uses the terminal instructions to find the answer they’re looking for      
 	3.Web searching: the participant searches for information on the web  
 	4.Resetting the terminal: the participant opens a new tab on the terminal and it solves the problem  
 	5.Reinstalling: reinstalling the tool solves the problem   

13. I feel comfortable asking for help from the Open Source community using electronic communication means.

Answer: Neutral

14. I can write my questions and understand answers in English.

Answer: Agree

15. I am good in understanding code written by other people.

Answer: Neutral

16. I have pretty good skills to write and change code.

Answer: Neutral

17. I feel comfortable with the process of contributing to an Open Source project.

Answer: Strongly agree

18. I think that contributing to an Open Source software project is an interesting activity.

Answer: Strongly agree
 
19. I feel I can set up and run an application if a set of instructions is properly given.

Answer: Agree

20. I am pretty good at searching for solutions and understanding technical issues by myself.

Answer: Agree

21. I can choose an adequate task to fix if a list of tasks is given.

Answer: Neutral

22. I can find the piece of code that needs to be fixed given a bug report presenting the issue.

Answer: Neutral
